<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>JVoiceXml @jvxml.version@</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>JVoiceXml @jvxml.version@</h1>

<p>
This is JVoiceXML @jvxml.version@, a free VoiceXML implementation written in
JAVA.
</p>
<p>
JVoiceXML comes without any warranty. Read <a href="copying.xhtml">Copying</a>
for more details.
Licenses of used libraries are located in the ${JVOICEXML_HOME}/doc/legal folder.
</p>
<p>
Copyright (C) 2006-2010 JVoiceXML group -
<a href="http://jvoicexml.sourceforge.net">http://jvoicexml.sourceforge.net</a><br/>
The JVoiceXML group hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
library `JVoiceXML' (a free VoiceXML implementation).<br/>
JVoiceXML group, 17. May 2010, Dirk Schnelle-Walka, project lead
</p>
<p>
If you have any questions have a look at our web site at
<a href="http://jvoicexml.sourceforge.net">http://jvoicexml.sourceforge.net</a>.
</p>

<h2>Bug reports</h2>

<p>The system was tested before the release, but clearly you can never test enough.
If any problems should occur, please submit bug reports via the 
<a href="http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=128141">Sourceforge bugtracking system</a>.
</p>

<h2>Mailing lists</h2>
<p>The best way for communication is to subscribe to our mailing lists.
</p>
<p>If you want to discuss the coding, make suggestions for improvement or if
you have trouble building the binaries, use the
<a href="http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/jvoicexml-developer">developer list.</a>
</p>
<p>If you want to get help on our API for your current project, use the
<a href="http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/jvoicexml-user">user list</a>.
</p>

<h2>Table of contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="install.xhtml">Install</a></li>
<li><a href="libraries.xhtml">Library Dependencies</a></li>
<li><a href="authors.xhtml">Authors</a></li>
<li><a href="copying.xhtml">Copying</a></li>
</ol>
</body>
</html>