{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f261\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f262\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f264\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f265\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f266\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f267\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f268\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f269\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f281\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f282\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f284\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f285\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f286\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f287\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f288\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f289\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \ulhwave\ulc5 \sbasedon10 \styrsid15564415 AmbigSytle;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \styrsid15564415 HTML Preformatted;}{\*\cs17 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 \styrsid4006905 Hyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}
{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid93596\rsid272517\rsid287147\rsid734531\rsid800006\rsid818527\rsid1002073\rsid1007457\rsid1248257\rsid1268150\rsid1379275\rsid1392759\rsid1526187\rsid1589551\rsid1914332\rsid2240586\rsid2311683
\rsid2649793\rsid2760697\rsid2962104\rsid3040138\rsid3100900\rsid3101120\rsid3108634\rsid3226893\rsid3363907\rsid3501548\rsid3674432\rsid4006905\rsid4086950\rsid4219911\rsid4270760\rsid4528391\rsid4536707\rsid4736196\rsid4810049\rsid4857365\rsid5112912
\rsid5115903\rsid5134759\rsid5180285\rsid5274191\rsid5318569\rsid5335763\rsid5397151\rsid5702129\rsid5709184\rsid5712533\rsid5732232\rsid6248366\rsid6455189\rsid6497824\rsid6518633\rsid6566495\rsid7173568\rsid7290666\rsid7291546\rsid7298361\rsid7435054
\rsid7687734\rsid7758782\rsid7762565\rsid7807560\rsid7939843\rsid8000365\rsid8395553\rsid8399246\rsid8416639\rsid8520004\rsid8938716\rsid9066163\rsid9074196\rsid9373011\rsid9395262\rsid9453326\rsid9579480\rsid9971543\rsid10031792\rsid10045091\rsid10186398
\rsid10225160\rsid10506913\rsid10564266\rsid10890412\rsid10906117\rsid11146367\rsid11294061\rsid11359821\rsid11472746\rsid11817999\rsid11818178\rsid11868799\rsid11946363\rsid12128041\rsid12138633\rsid12271848\rsid12344566\rsid12537119\rsid12591711
\rsid12655036\rsid12802688\rsid12875319\rsid12992880\rsid13187253\rsid13255897\rsid13455482\rsid13465092\rsid13583903\rsid13589911\rsid13654749\rsid13702158\rsid13856263\rsid13859748\rsid14158982\rsid14183924\rsid14292717\rsid14312418\rsid14557737
\rsid14574224\rsid14575467\rsid14695039\rsid14712407\rsid14756001\rsid14906276\rsid15014571\rsid15021430\rsid15271179\rsid15335759\rsid15432648\rsid15564415\rsid15861616\rsid15862908\rsid15943156\rsid16069975\rsid16129758\rsid16474068\rsid16479545}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title Specification: JSR 113 JavaTM Speech API 2}{\author  }{\operator Owner}{\creatim\yr2007\mo5\dy1\hr13\min12}{\revtim\yr2008\mo5\dy5\hr19\min16}{\version22}{\edmins29}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords2809}
{\nofchars16017}{\nofcharsws18789}{\vern24613}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}{\xmlns2 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind5\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot15564415\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15564415 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 This is a combined agreement}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4270760  for JSAPI2 (JSR-113)}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 .  }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12138633 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 Part I covers the specification and Part II covers all}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12138633  
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 other content.  Agreement implies agreement for both}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12138633  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12138633 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 parts.
\par 
\par PART I
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5112912 Specification: JSR 113 Java\'99}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415  Speech API 2.0 
\par ("Specification")
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2240586 Version: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7435054 2.0.2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8000365 .0}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 .
\par 
\par 
\par Status: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8000365 Final Release Candidate}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10186398 Release: 5 May}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8000365  2008}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid8000365 Copyright 2008}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415  Conversational Computing Corporation
\par 
\par Conversational Computing Corporation, 15375 NE 90th 
\par Street, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname City}}Redmond}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7435054 {\*\xmlclose},}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415  {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname State}}WA
{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname PostalCode}}98052{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname country-region}}USA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
\par 
\par All rights reserved.
\par 
\par 
\par NOTICE
\par 
\par The Specification is protected by copyright and the 
\par information described therein may be protected by one 
\par or more {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} patents, foreign patents, or pending 
\par applications. Except as provided under the following 
\par license, no part of the Specification may be 
\par reproduced in any form by any means without the prior 
\par written authorization of Conversational Computing 
\par Corporation and its licensors, if any. Any use of the 
\par Specification and the information described therein 
\par will be governed by the terms and conditions of this 
\par Agreement.
\par 
\par 
\par Subject to the terms and conditions of this license, 
\par including your compliance with Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 
\par below, Conversational Computing Corporation hereby 
\par grants you a fully-paid, non-exclusive, 
\par non-transferable, limited license (without the right 
\par to sublicense) under Conversational Computing 
\par Corporation's intellectual property rights to:
\par 
\par 
\par    1. Review the Specification for the purposes of 
\par evaluation. This includes: (i) developing 
\par implementations of the Specification for your 
\par internal, non-commercial use; (ii) discussing the 
\par Specification with any third party; and (iii) 
\par excerpting brief portions of the Specification in oral 
\par or written communications which discuss the 
\par Specification provided that such excerpts do not in 
\par the aggregate constitute a significant portion of the 
\par Specification.
\par 
\par    2. Distribute implementations of the Specification 
\par to third parties for their testing and evaluation use, 
\par provided that any such implementation:
\par 
\par (i) does not modify, subset, superset or otherwise 
\par extend the Licensor Name Space, or include any public 
\par or protected packages, classes, Java interfaces, 
\par fields or methods within the Licensor Name Space other 
\par than those required/authorized by the Specification or 
\par Specifications being implemented;
\par 
\par (ii) is clearly and prominently marked with the word 
\par "UNTESTED" or "EARLY ACCESS" or "INCOMPATIBLE" or 
\par "UNSTABLE" or "BETA" in any list of available builds 
\par and in proximity to every link initiating its 
\par download, where the}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5397151  list or link is under Licensee\rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 s 
\par control; and
\par 
\par (iii) includes the following notice:
\par 
\par "This i}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9971543 s an implementation of a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 draft 
\par specification developed under the Java Community 
\par Process (JCP) and is made available for testing and 
\par evaluation purposes only. The code is not compatible 
\par with any specification of the JCP."
\par 
\par    3. Distribute applications written to the 
\par Specification to third parties for their testing and 
\par evaluation use, provided that any such application 
\par includes the following notice:
\par 
\par       "This is an application written to interoperate 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9971543 with a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 draft specification developed under the 
\par Java Community Process (JCP) and is made available for 
\par testing and evaluation purposes only. The code is not 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9971543 necessarily }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 compatible with any specification of the JCP."
\par 
\par The grant set forth above concerning your distribution 
\par of implementations of the Specification is contingent 
\par upon your agreement to terminate development and 
\par distribution of your implementation of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9971543 this}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415  draft 
\par upon final completion of the Specification.  If you 
\par fail to do so, the foregoing grant shall be considered 
\par null and void.
\par 
\par Other than this limited license, you acquire no right, 
\par title or interest in or to the Specification or any 
\par other Conversational Computing Corporation 
\par intellectual property, and the Specification may only 
\par be used in accordance with the license terms set forth 
\par herein. This license will expire on the earlier of:  
\par (a) two (2) years from the date of Release listed 
\par above; (b) the date on which the final version of the 
\par Specification is publicly released; or (c) the date on 
\par which the Java Specification Request (JSR) to which 
\par the Specification corresponds is withdrawn.  In 
\par addition, this license will terminate immediately 
\par without notice from Conversational Computing 
\par Corporation if you fail to comply with any provision 
\par of this license.  Upon termination, you must cease use 
\par of or destroy the Specification.
\par 
\par "Licensor Name Space" means the public class or 
\par interface declarations whose names begin with "java", 
\par "javax", "com.conversay" or their equivalents in any 
\par subsequent naming convention adopted through the Java 
\par Community Process, or any recognized successors or 
\par replacements thereof}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9971543 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid15564415 
\par 
\par TRADEMARKS
\par 
\par No right, title, or interest in or to any trademarks, 
\par service marks, or trade names of Conversational 
\par Computing Corporation or Conversational Computing 
\par Corporation's licensors is granted hereunder. Java and 
\par Java-related logos, marks and names are trademarks or 
\par registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. in the 
\par {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} and other countries.
\par 
\par 
\par DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
\par 
\par THE SPECIFICATION IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND IS 
\par EXPERIMENTAL AND MAY CONTAIN DEFECTS OR DEFICIENCIES 
\par WHICH CANNOT OR WILL NOT BE CORRECTED BY 
\par CONVERSATIONAL COMPUTING CORPORATION. CONVERSATIONAL 
\par COMPUTING CORPORATION MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR 
\par WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT 
\par NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS 
\par FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT THAT THE 
\par CONTENTS OF THE SPECIFICATION ARE SUITABLE FOR ANY 
\par PURPOSE OR THAT ANY PRACTICE OR IMPLEMENTATION OF SUCH 
\par CONTENTS WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, 
\par COPYRIGHTS, TRADE SECRETS OR OTHER RIGHTS. This 
\par document does not represent any commitment to release 
\par or implement any portion of the Specification in any 
\par product.
\par 
\par 
\par THE SPECIFICATION COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES 
\par OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY 
\par ADDED TO THE INFORMATION THEREIN; THESE CHANGES WILL 
\par BE INCORPORATED INTO NEW VERSIONS OF THE 
\par SPECIFICATION, IF ANY. CONVERSATIONAL COMPUTING 
\par CORPORATION MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES TO 
\par THE PRODUCT(S) AND/OR THE PROGRAM(S) DESCRIBED IN THE 
\par SPECIFICATION AT ANY TIME. Any use of such changes in 
\par the Specification will be governed by the then-current 
\par license for the applicable version of the 
\par Specification.
\par 
\par 
\par LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
\par 
\par TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL 
\par CONVERSATIONAL COMPUTING CORPORATION OR ITS LICENSORS 
\par BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT 
\par LIMITATION, LOST REVENUE, PROFITS OR DATA, OR FOR 
\par SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR 
\par PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE 
\par THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY 
\par FURNISHING, PRACTICING, MODIFYING OR ANY USE OF THE 
\par SPECIFICATION, EVEN IF CONVERSATIONAL COMPUTING 
\par CORPORATION AND/OR ITS LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF 
\par THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par 
\par You will hold Conversational Computing Corporation 
\par (and its licensors) harmless from any claims based on 
\par your use of the Specification for any purposes other 
\par than the limited right of evaluation as described 
\par above, and from any claims that later versions or 
\par releases of any Specification furnished to you are 
\par incompatible with the Specification provided to you 
\par under this license.
\par 
\par 
\par RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND
\par 
\par If this Software is being acquired by or on behalf of 
\par the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime 
\par contractor or subcontractor (at any tier), then the 
\par Government's rights in the Software and accompanying 
\par documentation shall be only as set forth in this 
\par license; this is in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 227.7201 
\par through 227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense (DoD) 
\par acquisitions) and with 48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for 
\par non-DoD acquisitions).
\par 
\par 
\par REPORT
\par 
\par You may wish to report any ambiguities, 
\par inconsistencies or inaccuracies you may find in 
\par connection with your evaluation of the Specification 
\par ("Feedback"). To the extent that you provide 
\par Conversational Computing Corporation with any 
\par Feedback, you hereby: (i) agree that such Feedback is 
\par provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential 
\par basis, and (ii) grant Conversational Computing 
\par Corporation a perpetual, non-exclusive, worldwide, 
\par fully paid-up, irrevocable license, with the right to 
\par sublicense through multiple levels of sublicensees, to 
\par incorporate, disclose, and use without limitation the 
\par Feedback for any purpose related to the Specification 
\par and future versions, implementations, and test suites 
\par thereof.
\par 
\par 
\par GENERAL TERMS
\par 
\par Any action related to this Agreement will be governed 
\par by {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}California{\*\xmlclose} law and controlling {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} federal law. 
\par The U.N. Convention for the International {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Sale{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} of 
\par Goods and the choice of law rules of any jurisdiction 
\par will not apply.
\par 
\par 
\par The Specification is subject to {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} export control 
\par laws and may be subject to export or import 
\par regulations in other countries. Licensee agrees to 
\par comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and 
\par acknowledges that it has the responsibility to obtain 
\par such licenses to export, re-export or import as may be 
\par required after delivery to Licensee.
\par 
\par 
\par This Agreement is the parties' entire agreement 
\par relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all 
\par prior or contemporaneous oral or written 
\par communications, proposals, conditions, representations 
\par and warranties and prevails over any conflicting or 
\par additional terms of any quote, order, acknowledgment, 
\par or other communication between the parties relating to 
\par its subject matter during the term of this Agreement. 
\par No modification to this Agreement will be binding, 
\par unless in writing and signed by an authorized 
\par representative of each party.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Rev. January 2006
\par 
\par Non-Sun/Spec/Public/EarlyAccess
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12875319 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 
\par PART II
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4006905 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 JSAPI2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 EVALUATION}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  LICENSE
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Version 2.0}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par 
\par 
\par I.    DEFINITIONS.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid16129758 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid16129758 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversational Computing Corp}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 . }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 (doing business as Conversay) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 and its successors and assignees.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
\par 
\par \'93Sun\'94 means Sun Microsystems, Inc. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 and its successors and assignees.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid16129758 \'93You\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means the individual executing this License or the legal entity or entities represen
ted by the individual executing this License.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93Licensee\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means You and any other party that has entered into and has in ef}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 fect a version of this License.
\par 
\par \'93JSAPI2\'94 means Java Speech Application Programming Interface 2. JSAPI2 is designated by Sun as JSR-113 (}{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  HYPERLINK "}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid5702129 http://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=113}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 " }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid7173568\charrsid93596 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000002400000068007400740070003a002f002f006a00630070002e006f00720067002f0065006e002f006a00730072002f00640065007400610069006c003f00690064003d003100310033000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b60000000680074007400
70003a002f002f006a00630070002e006f00720067002f0065006e002f006a00730072002f00640065007400610069006c003f00690064003d003100310033000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab00000000002d00000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs17\f2\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4006905\charrsid93596 http://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=113}}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 ).
\par 
\par \'93Reference Implementation\'94 means: the object code for Conversay\rquote s speech engine; associated object code to implement the JSAPI2 specification; and associated dat
a files. As described herein, the Reference Implementation implements JSAPI2 for the Java ME emulator on the Windows platform.
\par 
\par \'93Example Source Code\'94 means source code for JSAPI2 applications that run on the Reference Implementation.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93Technology\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
Reference Implementation and the Example Source Code }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 made available by }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  pursuant to this License.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93Modifications\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means any change or addition to the Technology.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid5702129 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93Technology Site\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 W}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 ebsite designated by }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 for accessing the Technology.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Evaluation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531  Use\'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  means evaluation, research, or development for the purpose of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 evaluation, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
advancing knowledge, teaching, learning, or customizing the Technology or Modifications for personal use. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Evaluation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 Use expressly}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 excludes use or distribution for direct or indirect commercial (including strategic) gain or advantage.
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par II.     PURPOSE.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  is licensing the Technology under this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
Evaluation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  License (the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 License}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 ) to promote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 evaluation, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 research, education, innovation, and development using the Technology.  This License is not intended to permit or}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 enable access to the Technology for active consultation as part of creating an independent implementation of the Technology.
\par 
\par COMMERCIAL USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF TECHNOLOGY AND MODIFICATIONS IS PERMITTED ONLY UNDER A }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 CONVERSAY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 COMMERCIAL LICENSE.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
\par 
\par For further information regarding the Conversay Commercial License for the Technology, please contact: }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  HYPERLINK "mailto:sales@conversay.com" }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid7173568\charrsid93596 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b020000001700000014000000730061006c0065007300400063006f006e007600650072007300610079002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4e0000006d00610069006c0074006f003a00730061006c0065007300400063006f006e00760065007200
7300610079002e0063006f006d000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab00000000006100000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs17\f2\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4006905\charrsid93596 sales@conversay.com}}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 .
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par III.     }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid11946363 EVALU}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 A}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid287147 T}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 ION}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  USE RIGHTS.
\par 
\par A.    License Grant. Subject to the conditions contained herein, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 grants to You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  time-limited}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 and royalty-free license to do the following for Your Research Use only:
\par 
\par 1.    Repro}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 duce, create Modifications of, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 and use the Technology alone, or with Modifications;}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
\par 
\par 2.\tab Share Example Source Code of the Technology alone, or with Modifications, with other Licensees; and}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 .    Distribute object code of the Technology, alone, or with Modifications, to any third parties for }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Evaluation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  Use only, under a license of Your choice that is consistent with this License; and
\par publish papers and books discussing the Technology which may include relevant excerpts that do not in the aggregate constitute a significant portion of the Technology.
\par 
\par B.     Residual Rights.  If You examine the Technology after accepting this License and remember anything about it later, You are not }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 tainted}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  in 
a way that would prevent You from creating or contributing to an independent implementation, but this License grants You no rights to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid2649793 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 s copyrights or patents for use in such an implementation.
\par 
\par C.    No Implied Licenses.  Other than the rights granted herein, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 retains all rights, title, and interest in Technology, and You retain all rights, title, and interest in Your Modifications and associated specifications, subject to the terms of this License.
\par 
\par D.    Third Party Software.  Portions 
of the Technology may be provided with licenses or other notices from third parties that govern the use of those portions. Any licenses granted hereunder do not alter any rights and obligations You may have under such licenses, however, the disclaimer of 
warranty and limitation of liability provisions in this License will apply to all Technology in this distribution.
\par 
\par 
\par IV.    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY REQUIREMENTS
\par 
\par As a condition to Your License, You agree to comply with the following restrictions and responsibilities:
\par 
\par A.    License and Copyright Notices. You must include a copy of this }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 JSAPI2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Evaluation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  License in a Readme file for any Technology or Modifications }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Y}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 ou distribute}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 , said distribution being subject to the terms described herein}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 . You must also include the following statement, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
Use and distribution of this technology is subject to the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 JSAPI2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Evaluation}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  License included herein}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 , (a) once prominently in the 
source code tree and/or specifications for Your source code distributions, and (b) once in the same file as Your copyright or proprietary notices for Your binary code distributions. You must cause any files containing Your Modification to carry prominent 
notice stating that You changed the files. You must not remove or alter any copyright or other proprietary notices in the Technology.
\par 
\par B.    Licensee Exchanges.    Any Technology and Modifications You receive from any Licensee are governed by this License.
\par 
\par 
\par V.    GENERAL TERMS.
\par 
\par A.    Disclaimer Of Warranties.
\par 
\par THE TECHNOLOGY IS PROVIDED }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 AS IS}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 , WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE TECHNOLOGY IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A
 PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-IN}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 FRINGING OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
 YOU AGREE THAT YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE AND DISTRIBU}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 TION OF ANY AND ALL TECHNOLOGY }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
UNDER THIS LICENSE.
\par 
\par 
\par B.    Infringement; Limitation Of Liability.
\par 
\par 1.    If any portion of, or functionality implemented by, the Technology becomes the subject of a claim or threatened claim of infringement (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 Affected Materials}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 ), }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  may, in its unrestricted discretion, suspend Your rights to use and distribute the Affected Mater
ials under this License. Such suspension of rights will be effective immediately upon }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid2649793 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 s posting of notice of suspension on the Technology Site.
\par 
\par 2.    IN NO EVENT WILL }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 CONVERAY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, USE, DATA, OR ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE OF ANY SORT), HOWEVER IT ARISES AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (including negligence), WHETHER OR NO
T }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 CONVERSAY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  HAS BEEN ADVISED OF }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  LIABILITY UNDER THIS SECTION V.B.2 SHALL BE SO LIMITED AND EXCLUDED, NOTWITHSTANDING FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY.
\par 
\par 
\par C.     Termination.
\par 
\par 1.    You may terminate this License at any time }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid5318569 by sending written notification to Conversay at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}15375 NE 90}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\super\insrsid4006905\charrsid7758782 th}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  St}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 {\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}Redmond{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}WA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname 
place}}98052{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par 
\par 2.    All Your rights will terminate under this License if You fail to comply with any of its material terms or conditions and do not cure such failure within thirty (30) days after becoming aware of such noncompliance.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 3.\tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
Upon termination, You must discontinue all uses and distribution under this agreement, and all provisions of this Section V (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 General Terms}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 ) shall survive termination.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
\par 
\par 4.\tab This License is time-limited. Upon expiratio}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid15014571 n, it will continue to function. H}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 
owever, it will produce a pop-up dialogue reminding you of this expiration as follows: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'93}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Thank you for evaluat}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid5318569 ing Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid2649793 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 s JSAPI2 Reference Implementation. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid13859748 Your time-limited }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 JSAPI2 Evaluation License}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid13859748 
 has expired. Please contact the Conversay Sales staff at }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  HYPERLINK "sales@conversay.com" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid7173568\charrsid13859748 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000010000000303000000000000c00000000000004600001400000073616c657340636f6e7665727361792e636f6d00ffffadde0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a00000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs17\f2\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4006905\charrsid13859748 sales@conversay.com}}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid13859748 
 if you are interested in extending the license for commercial and/or research purposes.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid734531 \'94}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par 
\par 
\par D.     Miscellaneous.
\par 
\par 1.    Trademark.  You are granted no rights in or to any }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006  trademarks now or hereafter used or licensed by }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 Conversay, unless you explicitly request such rights from Conversay. You may contact Conversay in this regard at: }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  HYPERLINK "mailto:info@conversay.com" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid7173568\charrsid10506913 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000001300000069006e0066006f00400063006f006e007600650072007300610079002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4c0000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0069006e0066006f00400063006f006e0076006500720073006100
79002e0063006f006d000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab00000000007314000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs17\f2\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4006905\charrsid10506913 info@conversay.com}}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 .
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 
\par 2.    Integration.  This License represents the complete agreement of the parties concerning the subject matter hereof.
\par 
\par 3.    Severability.  If any provision of this License is 
held unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable unless to do so would defeat the intent of the parties, in which case, this License shall terminate.
\par 
\par 4.    Governing Law.  This License is governed by the laws of the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}United States{\*\xmlclose} and the State of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Washington}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 {\*\xmlclose}, as applied to contracts entered into and performed in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Washington}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 {\*\xmlclose} between }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}
Washington}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 {\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} residents. In no event shall this License be construed against the drafter.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905 5.\tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 Export Control.   As further described at }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905  HYPERLINK "http://www.sun.com/sales/its" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\insrsid7173568\charrsid13859748 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5200000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00730075006e002e0063006f006d002f00730061006c00650073002f006900740073000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0000
0000003b00000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs17\f2\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid4006905\charrsid13859748 http://www.sun.com/sales/its}}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\insrsid4006905\charrsid800006 , you agree to comply with the {\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns2{\factoidname place}}U.S.{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
 export controls and trade laws of other countries that apply to Technology and Modifications.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4006905 
\par }}