<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Install</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Installation of JVoiceXML</h1>

<h2>Requirements</h2>

<p>JVoiceXML uses features of J2SE 1.6 and will not run with
versions below. Optional: ANT 1.7 
(<a href="http://ant.apache.org">http://ant.apache.org</a>) to run the demos.
</p>

<h3>Talking Java implementation platform</h3>
<p>
Thanks to Jontahan Kinnersley, JVoiceXML ships with the Talking Java hook from
<a href="http://www.cloudgarden.com">cloudgarden</a>. This copy is free for
private use. You should buy a license if you use it in a commercial setting.
</p>

<h3>JSAPI 2 implementation plaform</h3>

<p>
This is an implementation of a draft specification developed under the Java Community Process (JCP) and is made available for testing and evaluation purposes only.
The code is not compatible with any specification of the JCP.
</p>

<h3>MRCPv2 implementation platform</h3>
<p>
This implementation platform requires the presence of an MRCPv2 server. An open
source solution based on FreeTTS and sphinx 4 can be downloaded from
<a href="http://cairo.sourceforge.net">http://cairo.sourceforge.net</a>.
</p>
<p>
JVoiceXML must be called with a SIP phone. We used the xlite phone which can
be downloaded for free from
<a href="http://www.counterpath.com">http://www.counterpath.com</a>
</p>

<h2>JVoiceXML Installation</h2>

<h3>Using the installer (Windows and Linux)</h3>

Simply unzip jvxml-&lt;version&gt;.zip to extract the installer
jar archive. Become root on Linux machines.<br />
Call<br />
<pre>java -jar jvxml-&lt;version&gt;-install.jar</pre>
to install the JVoiceXML voice browser.


<p>Alternatively, a double-click on the jar should perform the magic
on Windows.</p>

<h3>Using the rpm (Linux)</h3>

Become root and call<br />
<pre>rpm -ivh jvoicexml-&lt;version&gt;.rpm</pre>


<p>The installation folder is referred as JVOICEXML_HOME</p>

<h2>Start the VoiceXML browser</h2>

<h3>On Linux</h3>

<pre>
sh $JVOICEXML_HOME/bin/startup.sh
</pre>

<h3>On Windows</h3>

Doubleclick:

<pre>%JVOICEXML_HOME%/bin/JVoiceXML.exe</pre>
or
<pre>%JVOICEXML_HOME%/bin/startup.bat</pre>

<h2>Test the VoiceXML browser</h2>

<p>JVoiceXML comes with a couple of demos, which can be used to test
the browser.</p>

<p>To run the demos, copy the file ant.properties from the folder
$JVOICEXML_HOME/demos/config-props to the folder
$JVOICEXML_HOME/demos/personal-props and adapt the settings in the copied file
</p>
<p>In most cases it should be sufficient to change to each demo
directory and call</p>
<pre>ant run</pre>

</body>
</html>
